Adds information about Custom Path Segment Encoding in Router (#691)
spiral/guide: docs/en/http/routing.md

> **Note**
> You can use `@route(name, params)` directive in Stempler views.

#### Handling Non-Latin Characters in URIs

The Spiral router component, by default, transliterates non-Latin characters into Latin characters when generating URIs.
This can be problematic, especially when maintaining the original character set in the URI is important, such as for SEO
or multilingual applications.

**For example:**

```php
$router->setRoute(
  'page',
  new Route('/page/<path>', ....),
);

$uri = $router->uri('page', ['path' => 'some-path']);
// Generates: /page/some-path

$uri = $router->uri('page', ['path' => 'некоторый-путь']); 
// Default behavior generates: /page/nekotoriy-put
```

> To overcome this limitation, you can replace the default URI handler for a route with a custom encoding function using

Reviewer: I think it is nor a limitation

```suggestion
To change this behavior, you can replace the default URI handler for a route with a custom encoding function using
```

the `withPathSegmentEncoder` method. This method allows you to define a custom function for segment encoding.

**Here is an example**

```php
$router->setRoute(
  'page',
  new Route('/page/<path>', ....),
);

// Get the route by name
$route = $router->getRoute('page');

// Replace the default URI handler with a custom encoding function for path segments
$route = $route->withUriHandler(
    $route->getUriHandler()->withPathSegmentEncoder(
      static fn(string $segment): string => \rawurlencode($segment),
    ),
);

// Generate the URI
$uri = $route->uri(['path' => 'некоторый-путь']);

// Generates: /page/%D0%BD%D0%B5%D0%BA%D0%BE%D1%82%D0%BE%D1%80%D1%8B%D0%B9-%D0%BF%D1%83%D1%82%D1%8C
```

> To integrate this functionality into your application, bind the `Spiral\Router\UriHandler` into the application
> container via a Bootloader.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To define a custom encoder configure a `Spiral\Router\UriHandler` factory
in the Container via a Bootloader.
```
